edan band loom today we are going to
show you how to use the bead and
banlieue step 1
string the bead bands on the bead and
band loom as shown
step 2 lay out your pattern on the beach
ride
step 3 measure out and cut approximately
42 inches of string for seven lengths of
each drive and tie the string with a
double knot the second sand from the
outside
step 4 load the first row of beads onto
the beautiful and thread Belize under
the string through the Jesus shown pull
the string all the way through step 5
with the beater tool lay beads over beef
in from above making sure beads are
lines between the bands as shown
step 6 remove the beater tool and push
down on BH the finger until they are
snug between the DJ's since the string
is on top of the bead bands they will
stay suspended as shown step 7 hold
feeds down with finger and slide the
beater pull back to the beef this time
making sure that the beater Tools slides
underneath the bead
step 8 read the lease and the strength
there's a hole in the tip of the beater
pull as shown and then pull the string
all the way through
step 9 pull these snug to the end of the
loom and repeat steps 5 through 9 until
completed almost done
def 10 on the Lasser of bees pull the
string through one additional time from
the opposite side and tie off with a
double knot to the outside band and trim
exit last step step 11 remove the
finished bracelet from the bead and band
boom
leave island end over ball end on each
end of the bead band and stretch to
place around bridge great job now you're
done
it's easy design your own beep doors
crate them with your friends back em up
beaten ban boom in stores now
only at five below visit five below calm
for the store nearest you